Spec: auction provider refactor (#1016)
IABTechLab/trusted-server: docs/guide/api-reference.md

## First-Party Endpoints

### POST /auction

Browser and programmatic auction endpoint. It accepts the Trusted Server ad-unit

> request shape and returns an OpenRTB response with sanitized creatives.

Reviewer: 📝 **note**: "sanitized creatives" overstates the default: `sanitize_creatives` defaults to `false` (`auction_config_types.rs:96-98`); default processing is first-party rewriting with sanitization opt-in, as configuration.md and auction-orchestration.md correctly document.

```suggestion
Browser and programmatic auction endpoint. It accepts the Trusted Server ad-unit
request shape and returns an OpenRTB response with first-party processed
creatives (rewritten by default; creative sanitization is opt-in).
```

Author: Fixed in 5146645c. The API reference now distinguishes default URL rewriting from opt-in creative sanitization.
